# Overall
There are sooo many instructions for this assignment that I got so lost in everything that needed to be done and it was very overwhelming. I am used to instructions just being on the canvas page, or just being in the document, but we had the README file, the comments, and the instruction page itself giving me comments and in the end, I had to turn to ChatGPT to help me understand what I needed to do in each section more specifically because of the excess of instructions.


# Dashboard
This one was a bit difficult for me. I'm sure I got quite a bit wrong on this document, but I think it looked alright in the end. I was able to use flex: 1 for some things, but I couldn't manage to make the footer sticky with that option. I think my biggest strength was aligning things and wrapping them how I knew they needed to be. I was a bit fuzzy on the "make it grow" options, but I did my best on them, and I think the website looks pretty good. I went back after finishing the other two, and I was still unable to figure out how to get the footer to be sticky by only using flex: 1; I ran out of free ChatGPT conversations, so I wasn't able to ask it any further what the answer could be. Overall though, I did my best and I feel like I did learn a lot, despite my shortcomings.

# Product
A big takeaway I got from this document was what the shorthand for flex: 0 0 200px means. I was having so much trouble understanding flex:basis, flex:shrink, and flex:grow and how to apply them, but ChatGPT helped me a lot to understand that the first character in flex: is grow, then shrink, than basis. This helped me understand how to set that for everything and how everything finally related to each other. I also found that later on the .review content, if I put it at 100% for the flex-basis, then it would go to the edge even when I was shrinking it. So I set it at 90% and the words never reached the end of the page. I liked that I was finally able to notice when things wouldn't work and found a solution for how to fix them. Other than that, the flex direction and wrap were fairly simple to implement. 

# Article
This one was difficult but for different reasons. I also ran this one through ChatGPT to see what information it wanted me to correct. I think for the most part it was similar things I was struggling with, when to make something grow or shrink, as well as the align-self. The principle itself makes a lot of sense to me, but I couldn't get it to change in any way, even when I made sure the parent was a flex item. Instead, I added margin to create an indent because I felt like it looked better styled that way. I did accidently use align-content instead of align-items in the header, but ChatGPT helped me realize my mistake and I fixed it. Overall, I wouldn't say the concepts of this are too hard, but when you don't have a picture of what it is supposed to look like, it's really hard to know if you are doing it right, especially since I sketch things out often.